build(deps): Migrate submodule-based dependencies to task-based installation; Upgrade emsdk & deps versions. (#92)
y-scope/clp-ffi-js: CMakeLists.txt

    FORCE
)

if(${CLP_FFI_JS_PROJECT_NAME}_IS_TOP_LEVEL)
    # Include dependency settings if the project isn't being included as a subproject.

>     # NOTE: We mark the file optional because if the user happens to have the dependencies
>     # installed, this file is not necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # NOTE: We mark the file optional because if the user happens to set the necessary dependency
    # location variables, this file is not necessary.
```

    -fwasm-exceptions
    -sALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH
    -sEXPORT_ES6

>     -sEXPORTED_RUNTIME_METHODS=["HEAPU8"]

Author: have to add this after upgrading to the latest version of the emsdk

    ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp/ffi/ir_stream/search/ErrorCode.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp/ffi/ir_stream/utils.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp/ffi/KeyValuePairLogEvent.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp/ffi/SchemaTree.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp/ir/EncodedTextAst.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp/ir/LogEventDeserializer.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp/ReadOnlyMemoryMappedFile.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp/ReaderInterface.cpp
    ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp/streaming_compression/zstd/Decompressor.cpp
)

set(CLP_FFI_JS_SRC_FMT src/submodules/fmt/src/format.cc)
set(CLP_FFI_JS_SRC_FMT ${CLP_FFI_JS_FMT_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/src/format.cc)

set(CLP_FFI_JS_SRC_ZSTD
    src/submodules/zstd/lib/common/entropy_common.c
    src/submodules/zstd/lib/common/error_private.c
    src/submodules/zstd/lib/common/fse_decompress.c
    src/submodules/zstd/lib/common/zstd_common.c

>     src/submodules/zstd/lib/common/zstd_trace.c

Author: no longer exist in the latest version

        ${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME}
        SYSTEM
        PRIVATE
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_BOOST_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_CLP_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/components/core/src/clp
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_FMT_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/include

>         ${CLP_FFI_JS_NLOHMANN_JSON_SOURCE_DIRECTORY}/include

Author: added now that we can't recursively fetch CLP repo, which includes the json submomodule
